V = Vegetarian    GF = Gluten Free  S = Spicy   (…) = modification need to be
Vg = Vegan    M = MSG   N = Nuts              noted on ticket

HOT & COLD

Oven Roasted Butternut Squash Soup – V
Butternut squash, curry concentrate, coconut milk
Boiled with soybeans and heavy cream
Plated  in shallow bowl with cream drizzle
Allergy Alert - N

Seafood Tom Yum – GF (Spicy)
Tom yum paste (contains shrimp), lemongrass, galangal, lime juice
Boiled with enoki mushroom, tomatos & 2 pc. ea: shrimp, mussels, clams
Plated in shallow bowl with cilantro garnish
Allergy Alert - M

Blonde Miso Soup  
Miso base – ‘Shiromiso’ (white) has lower ratio of soybeans to rice & barley, less fermentation time vs. red miso, gives it mild, sweet flavor. Ubiquitous miso soup base, most common type
Base is boiled with water, kombu (kelp) and hondashi (fish stock from Japan)
We reheat w/ wakame (small seaweed), scallion, diced tofu and enoki & button mushroom
(Almost GF, may contain traces of barley)

Korean Seafood Tofu Bowl  - GF, M
Shrimp, clams, mussels, one egg, Kim Chi and Enoki Mushrooms
House Made Kim Chi
Allergy Alert - M

Thai Green Papaya Salad – GF, N, (Vg – no sauce, could sub cilantro lime)
Julienned: green papaya (unripe), carrot, red bell pepper, mango (unripe)& cuke
Pinch of dried chili, ground peanuts, sauce (tamarind, fish sauce, chili) 
Plated in shallow bowl w/ peanuts on top
Allergy Alert - N

Seaweed Salad – GF, Vg
Seaweed salad (seaweed, sesame, sesame oil, mushroom, trace wheat & soy)
House made mango salsa  (mango, red onion, blk. sesame, cilantro, sweet chili sauce 
Allergy Alert - Mango

Thai Charred Beef Salad - GF
Papaya salad with added grilled skirt steak marinated in tamarind and garlic

Seared Tuna Salald 
Mesclun spring mix with Yuzu dressing (soy sauce (wheat) & meat protein)
7 rolled slices of tuna seared with salt/pep 
Plated with salad in middle, pieces of tuna around sides

New Style Yellowtail Sashimi – S 
5 pc. Thin sliced yellowtail (hamachi), lightly torched 
Yuzu dressing (soy sauce (wheat) & meat protein) & Chili oil
Ginger & Chive julienne on each pc
Round plate, fish in star pattern w/ scallion garnish

NOODLES

Miso or Shoyu Ramen – M, S
Ramen base (lots of MSG) boiled with water.
 Miso = fermented soy & barley; rounder, earthier flavor.
 Shoyu = soy sauce and sake; salty, alcoholic flavor
Ramen noodles, halved soft boiled egg, 3 slices ea. of red & white Japanese fish cake (kamaboko), roasted corn kernels, 3 slices of roast pork belly (Chāshū), Enoki mushroom, halved crab stick (kanikama)
Served in a bowl topped with leeks, roasted seaweed strips (nori), Japanese 7 spice seasoning (togaroshi) and chili oil drizzle

Kung Pao Angel Hair – (Vg - no chicken, sub tofu)
Sautéed: garlic, shallot, bok choy, halved cherry tomatoes, green beans, snow peas
Add fried chicken julienne, blanched angel hair, chive, scallion and sauce (soy, wine, garlic, ginger)
Plated in shallow bowl with crispy potato and scallion garnish

Chicken Mee Goreng – N, (V - no chix, Vg no chix/egg)
Stir fried: egg, fried tofu, Chinese creuller, bean sprouts, halved cherry tomatoes, carrot, scallion, chicken julienne, garlic & shallot
Add blanched lo mein noodles, sauce (garlic, soy, sugar, chili, tamarind), soy & sake
Plated in shallow bowl w/ lime wedge, crushed peanuts and scallion garnish

Chicken Pad Thai – N, (GF - no soy), (V – no chix, no sauce, Vg no chix/egg)
Stir fried: garlic, shallot, basil, onion, carrot, bean sprout,  scallion, fried tofu, chicken julienne and egg
Add blanched rice noodles & sauce (tamarind, fish sauce, lemongrass), chili flake, soy
Plated on large round w/ lime wedge, crushed peanuts and scallion garnish

DUMPLINGS, WRAPS & etc

Edamame – GF, Vg
Steamed in water, kosher salt


Spicy Edamame – GF, V, S
Edamame steamed then baked with spicy mayo (mayonnaise, sri racha, spices, sesame oil), togaroshi (contains sesame), parmesan cheese 

Roti Canai – S, M
2 pc. Roti (Indian pan fried flatbread)
Small cup chicken curry (contains boneless thigh meat, curry pastes, potato)
Plated on long rectangle with roti wrapped in inverted cones, bowl of curry on end

Chicken Lettuce wraps – (GF – no sauce)
3 pc. Butter lettuce leaf
Saute veg mixture (red & white onion, mango, celery, carrot) add ground chicken, add angel hair sauce and small amount of oyster sauce
Spoon hot mixture onto lettuce leaves

Vegetable Spring Rolls –  Vg
3 pc. Fried, plated on long rectangle on lettuce leaf, pyramid stacked
Small ramekin of sweet chili sauce

Tako Yaki  - M
4 pc. Tempura fried octopus (tako, fully cooked) balls
Plated on long rectangle over dollop of Japanese mayo (QP), topped with eel sauce (soy, sugar, HFCS) and dried smoked bonito fish shavings (katsuoboshi)
Garnished with beni shoga (pickled shaved ginger dyed bright red)

Vietnamese Summer Roll  - GF, Vg
6 pc.  Contains:  red & yellow bell pepper, jicama (a starchy root vegetable), cuke, carrot, avocado, cilantro mint and basil. Wrapped in a rice paper wrapper
Served with housemade cilantro lime dressing

Pork/Vegetable Gyoza - M
6 pc. Pork and chicken gyoza
Steamed then pan fried
Served with housemade ginger soy sauce
Contains shrimp? Not sure 

Shrimp Shumai - M
6 pc.   Steamed
Plated in small bowl with housemade ginger soy sauce
Topped with red tobiko


Ginger Duck Roll
6 pc. Warm ginger duck mixture, avocado, spicy mayo, cuke and mesclun mix
Wrapped in one toasted roti, split in half
Plated on long rectangle with balsamic drizzle, topped with dots of spicy mayo

RICE

Ginger Crab Fried Rice - M
Stir fried lump crab, leeks, fresh ginger and rice
Seasoned with chicken powder, salt & pepper
Topped with sunny side up egg
Plated on lg round plate with splash of sesame soy sauce 

Thai Chicken Fried Rice
Stir fried egg, chicken julienne, finely diced red & white onion, celery, carrot, green bean,  red and yellow bell pepper, scallion and rice
Seasoned with tom yum paste, sugar, chicken powder and soy sauce
Served in sm. melamine bowl

Japanese Chicken Fried Rice
Stir fried egg, chicken julienne, finely diced red & white onion, celery, carrot, green bean,  red and yellow bell pepper, scallion and rice
Seasoned with hondashi (fish stock), soy sauce, sake, butter
Served in Sm. Melamine bowl

SMALL PLATES

Japanese Meat Ball
2 skewers of 3 balls each. 
Ground beef seasoned with kaffir lime
Steamed then grilled with ginger soy glaze
Plated on parallelogram with mesclun garnish, sauced with eel sauce, wasabi mayo and sprinkled with katsuoboshi 

Slow-Cooked Baby Back Rib
3 pc. Pork ribs marinated in Sapporo and cilantro then slow roasted
Deep fried to reheat, then tossed in sweet chili sauce with basil and clove
Plated on lg. rectangle with balsamic drizzle and small mound of cuke julienne
Topped with crispy potato and scallion garnish


Spicy Tuna stuffed Jalapeno
3 pc. (4 if very small)
Halved jalapeno, cream cheese, spicy tuna mix (contains tobiko, leek, tuna, spicy mayo, sri racha)
Tempura battered and fried
Plated on gyoza plate, topped with eel sauce and furikake

Spicy Tuna Dumplings
5 pc. Spicy tuna mix in wonton wrapper, fried
Plated on parallelogram, dab of guacamole for each, topped with mango salsa and sweet chili clove sauce

Tori No Kara-Age 
5 pc. Boneless chicken thigh marinated in egg and spices
 Dredged in corn starch and deep fried (“Crispy” is a good selling euphemism for fried)
Plated on parallelogram atop remoulade containing mayo, chopped egg and pickles

Seabass
4 oz seared Chilean seabass atop  black sticky rice (cooked with coconut milk) with blanched and sautéed bok choy, string beans and snow peas. 
Orange miso sauce contains, orange, lemon & lime zest and fresh juice

7 Spice Salmon
4 oz salmon fillet crusted with Japanese togarashi and pan roasted
Atop blanched and sautéed bok choy, string beans and snow peas and a small portion of rice
Plate is covered with massaman curry sauce

Squid
Jumbo squid flame broiled Hokkaido style with ginger teriyaki sauce

Popcorn shrimp
15 pc small shrimp tempura fried, coated with spicy mayo & sesame seeds
Plated in a coffee cup with lettuce and chive garnish

ON THE SIDE

Eggplant/ Tofu (Vg – no oyster)
Blanched in fryer, blanched in water then sautéed with shallot, garlic, basil, red & yellow bell pepper
Angel hair sauce and  a dash of oyster sauce


Green Beans (Vg - no oyster)
Blanched in fryer, water, sautéed with shallot, garlic, sugar and a bit of oyster sauce


PLATES – all descriptions apply to full order

Teriyaki  - (Vg – veg), M
All get covered in sauce topped with potato crisp & scallion and served with rice
Chicken – 1 full breast, split, grilled and cut into slices. Atop bok choy and beans (same as above)
Salmon – 4 oz salmon, pan roasted, atop bok choy and beans
Shrimp – 6 pc. Shrimp, same as above
Veg- bok choy,  onion, green beans, snow peas, button mushrooms, broccoli, red & yellow pepper

Japanese Style Curry – (V – croquettes), S, M
Sweet, but  spicy thick curry from Japan, sauce contains carrot and potato chunks
All options are breaded in egg & panko and fried crispy
Chicken –2 split breast
Salmon – 4 oz
Steak – 2 x 4oz steak
Croquettes – 2 housemade corn and Yukon potato patties, breaded & fried

Sesame Chicken 
Chicken thigh chunks, marinated and dredged in corn starch, fried crispy
Sautéed with square cut onion, red & yellow pepper and broccoli
Housemade sweet & sour sauce, sesame seeds
Comes with rice

Beef Rendang – N, S, M
Beef rendang curry (chunks of steak, lemongrass, anise, cinnamon, other spices)
Split boiled egg, cucumber slices, crushed peanuts, rice


